I have the great pleasure to introduce you
today a couple of part
extraordinary noc and vincent who are
became famous in my neighborhood
thanks to kengo ball super shop with
ice cream because the ice cream the
goes out but also the ice creams or
ladies years pursues her energy that everything
that but flavors that you have never
exceptional taste
so we ask them and for the time
parties to reinvent the house in
spicy bread is the purchase of works that
will introduce us today and even
it's easy to do at home
no it's true we really thought that
way to make sure that everyone
can do it and it's true that it has
been a bit of a challenge because the house
in the house of profits we see it
always traditional with a lot of
sweets and all that is so here we were
a little bit more in spices because the
concept it was to redo the house
but with spices and excuses on
the house is exactly that and here we
find it because lady pink the acagm the
star anise
there is also the clementine that reminds
of course Christmas at Kirov quite the
details are incredible and even
windows at your house
that is to say and that too we will learn
yeah how did you do windows
it's just a sugar flowing that did
the players have melted on the
corner of the gas stoves one sinks into the
light inside
it's great why you lie
ah yes there nothing yeah it looks like a two
perfect manufacturing days then in
watch you demonstrate to me how it is
So here I 'll show you
how do we stick the house eventually
I did I made a corner with
pastry waxed paper there it's
our famous royal ice cream so it's
egg whites icing sugar and a little
soluble coffee for coloring for
that she is about the same color
it did not show too much so I take
a spoon that I come tight in my
body is so see it needs it
is still a consistency to it's
relatively flexible one year otherwise you
are going to annoy you so here's the cornet
the corner of the facts it is ice
royal before I come the coupe and it's
with that we will be able to stick our
mullan so we'll show you
the step of decorating before cooking in
five years so see here it's the walls
different parts of the wall that have been
decorated before then there we do it
see the paw and believed so here we take
a whole egg
in var is made over it also
spices in credit was no longer
dough
so there you see that it was a part
walls there me what am I going to do I
made the roof so there if I
will this basting generously
do not hesitate then there you see we
takes fast cars are just the
just stick on it
kids that's her voice she does that
in family in which fun the house
in spicy bread for the family
we're going there at the moment it has to be
the instinct yes look I did the
tower
I thought it was interesting
with white pepper hop I put
some peppercorns and eat
there are no calculations and I ask them
just just like that we
makes a fruit pie it's the same
thing should not try to calculate like
mixing or grapefruit is important
it is to give shine and
gilding on spices
here too what we wanted to tell you
before baking to forget pop or
this is for the detailed house the with
important pieces simply
do the windows then we made them
because and we because it was the
look of the house you could do it
round anything like shape is
now in the oven what is this menu 350 that
did about 15 minutes that they have
baked
now we see that we fix
windows the debts step very easy
very easy anyone is able to
do it at home
it's just from the south that I melt
in a saucepan with a little bit
of water in them so that they are a little
liquid whose super hot clermont I
loved my pieces that are there and I
start to inverted with a spoon
the most delicately to allow on
the voice cookie if you notice them
forms of spicy bread we put them on
parchment paper
it is to make it easier when we go
take off the different walls of the
house for the windows we leave that 1
5-10 minutes it's ok it's over
the benefits of also doing its
cool windows and it boosts against
spicy bread pieces make you see
how do we assemble the two walls of
side of walls and then after the same thing
for all sides so I'm going
directly with my royal ice on the
side of the wall I have a paste directly
on parchment paper my second
step I put a little bit here so
same thing for this one and we redo the
attached and if we also want to help
bear until it sticks
see why they say it takes
at least two days of work on the
time to assemble the walls the time of
decorations and we must really leave well
to dry the royal ice is white
of egg sugar icing at the end of two
days it's hard as stone so
there worry is better are
perfectly stick and we chose to
decorate them with tracks but go
with your imagination you can
use dreamers
fines and still candies
also for less than 100 smile ben
this is christmas make you happy
take the time to do it with the
kids and all that they're really going
very pepy that's what makes the magic of
Christmas in leaving them memories
in the future